Where does discipline come from?
Pretty Sad.
Discipline comes from within.
It's an internal force now. Sure,
of course you can have discipline posed on new by some person,
like like a drill instructor or like that self-help come on TV.
But the reality is that type of discipline isn't the way for your type of
discipline that we're talking about. That discipline isn't as strong survive.
What you need is self defense,
self discipline. It comes from the self. It comes from you.
It comes from when you make a decision
to be disciplined, when you make a decision to be better,
when you make a decision to do more and to be more
self calls.
When you decide that you're gonna make a mark on the world,
and if you think
that you're not disciplined or you can't do this,
it's because you haven't yet decided to be disciplined.
It's because you haven't created that discipline
yet.
[inaudible] so make the decision,
make the discipline the root quality that will improve every aspect of your life
better, stronger, smarter, and faster.
And boost
[inaudible]. It'll make.